
Description of how favorites and history are save and found.

do this as a separate app / dll / and use from other assemblies.

being saved:

1. classification file locations
2. sample file locations (only as a "file pair")

presentation per user

1.  as a favorite list (user adds items to the list)
2.  as a history list (program adds item to the list)
3.  as a "file pair" favorite (user adds a pair to the list)  (sylverter only / implement later but plan now)
4.  as a "file pair" history list (program add a pair ot the list) (sylverter only / implement later but plan now)

location of data files are stored in suite setting file - need to add this to andy config??

storage method

value class:
1. Std saved folder
	a. given display name (may be empty)
	b. filepath

1. data file as a list of ALL saved classification files - based on a dictionary
	a. key is project number + arbitrary key to allow connection finding later
	b. value is: Std saved folder

2. data file as a list of ALL saved sample files / all sample files go into a common folder
	to limit duplication and to allow re-use - based on a dictionary
	a. key is project number + arbitrary key to allow connection finding later
	b. value is: Std saved folder

3. per user data file / dictionary
	a. includes list of favorites
		i. key: project number + arbitrary value key
		ii. value is: Std saved folder
	b. includes a history list (last 10 (optional quantity setting here?))
		i. key: project number + arbitrary value key
		ii. value is: Std saved folder
	c. includes a folder pair list (points to a favorite + sample file) of favs
		i. key: fav key
		ii. value is: Std saved folder
	d. includes a folder pair list (points to a history + sample file) history
		i. key: history key
		ii. value is: Std saved folder


functions
1.  UI
	a. purpose
		i. allow the user to select a favorite
		ii. allow the user to select a history (& add to favs)
		iii. allow the user to select a folder pair favorite
		iv. allow the user to select a folder pair history (& add to favs)
		v. maintenance
			* edit / delete / etc. favs & history
			* edit / delete / etc. folder pair favs & history

2. utility
	z. save the last classf file worked on
	a. provide a list of favs for the current project
	b. add a fav
	c. add a history
	d. provide a list of users?

3. needed
	a. user name (to allow access to other than the current user's info)
	b. project number



